1) Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

HTTP/1.1 was first introduced in 1997.HTTP/2 was introduced in 2015.

One of the key differences between the abovementioned protocols is that HTTP/2 is more effcient and quicker than HTTP/1.
Prioritization in terms of webpage development refers to order in which the elements of a website are loaded.
HTTP/2 gives developers greater control over Prioritization as compared to HTTP/1. HTTP/2 allows developers to decide which
resource will load first which is not possible in HTTP/1. This in known as multiplexing. HTTP/2 allows devlopers to send 
multiple sets of data at once as opposed to sending data one at a time in HTTP1. Due the control over prioritization 
given by HTTP2, developers are able assign different weighted values to each set of data which will indicate which 
data to load first. Moreover, in the case of HTTP1. if one of the data streams cannot be loaded, all other data sent after
it will also not be loaded. This is not the case in HTTP2 as it sends multiple streams of data, there is no blockage of data in a 
process known as multiplexing.

A server only sends content to the client when they request for it which is not practical in the mordern context and is 
inefficient. However, in HTTP2 there exists a process known as server push which provided a solution to this problem. In this process even before the client makes requests,
the server will anticipate the data required and will push it to the client.

 Both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 compress HTTP messages in order to speed up web performance. However, since HTTP2 uses a 
 better compression method know as HPACK as compared to HTTP1, HTTP2 is able to further reduce the size of HTTP packets resulting 
 in a faster loading time. 


2)Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Object is the most important data-type in Javascript. Objects in javascript are in the form of a key:value pair.
A JavaScript object has properties associated with it and the property of an object is the variable given to the object.
An example of an Object is as follows:

var myPhone = new Object();
myPhone.brand = 'Apple';
myPhone.model = 'Iphone 5';
myPhone.year = 2012;

We can use the keys to access their respective values and vice versa.

